the story begins with a woman named
amanda she is building a suicide squad
but the mysterious fact is that that she
adjusts the bombs in their bodies so the
bombs may be exploded if they fled there
are also some animals like creatures
along with the human beings and the
major character of this movie is harley
quinn they reach an island and they
begin to jump into the water one by one
but the animal-like creature is unable
to swim and it begins to move its hands
and feet then a blonde haired man savant
goes there and it brings it to the bank
of the water with him while swimming but
that animal-like creature has died at
that time if it is discussed as with
whom suicide squad was going to confront
so that was the dangerous military
this army is also approached here so
blagard begins to shout while raising
his hands the military surrounded them
they fire on the face of blaggard as a
result his face skin is shed and he
falls their topsy-turvy amanda keeps an
eye on them she orders them that they
will not retreat no matter what happens
getting the chance of it harley quinn
fires her gun on the military
consequently their many members are
ended in this explosion now the real
fight takes place here when one team
member of the suicide squad throws a
plate so he decapitates a man at once
being uncontrolled the military starts
the indiscriminate firing harley quinn
begins to run rescuing herself and she
hides behind a big rock coming there one
more member of the squad appears there
there is also another member named tdk
before them he throws his two arms to
the military after parting them which
start to divert the attention of the
army while moving their hats and guns
but it proves futile and savant starts
to fear the same long-haired man he
thinks to escape from there but amanda
blasts him before this because she has
said that he will lose his life who
attempts to escape the story takes a
turn here and amanda's sharp thinking is
also revealed that she had made ready
the alternative squad it is thought that
she knew what is her first suicide squad
going to act
first of all she comprises in the squad
a man blood sport and she chose him as a
captain
this member is a peacemaker who has the
ability that he can mold anything into
the weapon and he can attack while using
it and the third one is king shark it
has enough ability that it can chew any
raw thing it is like a shark not like a
human there was also a girl kazoo who
could hold sway over rats everyone
possesses his own unique ability
now amanda starts to tell about the
mission to the squad this island is
dominated by a general in the same way
he wants to dominate over america he has
also built a laboratory there for this
task you all have been chosen for this
purpose so that you may search out this
laboratory and destroy it with general
going on that island first of all you
all will have to capture his special man
laboratory in charge on the other side
harley quinn and flag are rescued and
they escape from there but harley is
caught by the military while flagged by
some of the inhabitants of the island
now the second team of the suicide squad
has also reached the island but they
think to have a rest there because of
the night time suddenly bloodsport wakes
up at night and notices that king shark
starts to eat that rat catcher girl as
being hungry but blood sport stops him
shouting and also fires his gun at him
but he does not get any harm
kazo calls the rats there it does not
impact king shark too much but blood
sport is under effect because he used to
be afraid of the rats now kazo is afraid
that king shark may not eat here again
so she explains it politely going near
it look
we are friends we will carry on a
mission perfectly
then king shark gets the point but all
other team members could not accept it
their friend now amanda contacts the
suicide squad and she asks them to
rescue flag from the inhabitants of the
island they all start to move in that
direction
king shark eats a man reaching there a
man of the island comes before
peacemaker he throws his hammer over him
which strikes on his head directly and
his head begins to bleed much then
bloodsport makes peacemaker catch the
sword using it peacemaker slaughters a
man bloodsport also begins to fire his
gun another member paul katan starts to
target the hutts there firing from his
body and peacemaker enters while cutting
the people's body with his sword then
they come to know that island people did
not keep flag captive they rather saved
his life the chief of that tribe talks
to them appearing there she tells that
she is also against the general and she
becomes to show her anger at them that
you killed my people without knowing
anything
flag says let it go
what is the use of war if our mission is
the same
they hardly convinced the tribe's chief
contra rally the military had taken
harley to general capturing her he says
to harley quinn that i will get the seat
of the president if you marry me because
nation thinks that i must be married
then we will also dominate the state
together harley is convinced in greed
but she feels it soon once she fires his
gun on general's heart when she goes to
meet him the military again imprisons
her here the good thing happens as
general is no more he was fallen upside
down and dies there afterward one more
character comes on the scene named
matthew he also wanted to be a president
so he is extremely excited at the death
of general on the other side suicide
squad has reached the city they all
begin to tell their stories traveling on
the bus how will we be criminals and
they also tell the stories of their past
their life of that time was very
pathetic so they wished to do something
in their life now they reach the club
where they sing and dance
they rejoice a lot there they notice a
man having them fix small devices on his
head the military is also approached
there so bloodsport makes the device man
out from the club silently with kazo
polkadot and he confronts the military
with peacemaker their military and flag
come to know that harley is alive so
they attack the military they push them
with legs and also hits the military van
window pan on their heads as a result
bus glass is also damaged and military
van is stopped the military van is
crashed with another car
it creates an explosion the van driver
was not in their place so the military
van falls down the strange fact is this
flood sport peacemaker and flag get off
without any harm now they decide to
rescue harley harley was now in the
imprisonment of matthew matthew had
captured her tying her hands upside he
tortures her due to this her mouth
begins to bleed he asks about her past
and who is after them she does not
reveal a single fact so matthew's man
starts to give her electric shocks
harley is knocked out but she was
pretending harley fractures matthew's
man neck while kicking as matthew goes
outside she takes the keys from him and
unlocks her chains with the help of her
feet many people stop her as she comes
outside
first of all harley kills both of them
then she starts to shoot others holding
guns in her both hands then she
continues to cross that place with a rod
while jumping and hitting the people
at last she comes out of the building
and she notices all three who had come
there to rescue her harley embraces flag
now they all are united they move to
that laboratory the rain starts there
now they all begin to battle according
to their planned mission they fire their
guns in the necks of the people of that
place king shark dismembers a man
and the blood of many soldiers start
flowing here another military also
appears from the backside and matthew is
also alert suicide squad locks the door
of the laboratory moving inside
now kazo moves into the laboratory
she glimpses there any type of the
creatures which try to talk with her
she also notices project starfish there
which are looking very threatening
now that device man tells them here this
starfish was the flopped project of our
own country then it was sent to the
laboratory for unlawful project amanda
knew about it but she wanted to tackle
it so our country's reputation may
remain secured
flag steals the hard drive having
information but peacemaker points is
gunned at him
before he gets the courage to say harmon
the laboratory is destroyed due to the
attack of the military outside and the
chamber of starfish is also damaged
so it frees at first it pulls the body
of that device man catching his hands
and feet consequently his body is
dismembered then peacemaker kicks in the
stomach of flag so that he may return
the hard drive so that he may return the
hard drive because it has been ordered
to peacemaker to do it by amanda he
throws him towards an object while
lifting him up then flag also begins to
hit peacemaker lifting an object made of
steel his mouth starts to bleed much
before that flag may kill peacemaker
peacemaker stabs in his body
so kazo picks up the dropped hard drive
getting the benefit of it which had
information
but peacemaker also asks her to return
it pointing the gun on the other side
shark is shown which falls outside of
the building because it overflows water
there is military before it here blood
sport is also going to fall from the
building but harley pulls her upward
catching his hand military starts to
fire on king shark from downward but it
was very powerful
and it begins to eat the military rising
up laboratory begins to destroy because
of being damaged and it is nearly to
fall that harley polka dot and
bloodsport come out of it jumping and
sliding with rope now building falls on
king shark
harley and polka dot stand at a place
coming there while blood sport moves
down because his rope is loosened and it
is the same scene where peacemaker had
pointed his gun on kazo
bloodsport appears before him peacemaker
fires his gun on bloodsport and he also
immediately fires his gun
so blood sports gun bullet reaches
peacemaker piercing his bullet and it
directly targets his body and he is
ended now kazo reveals everything to
blood sport while crying how are
starfish bringing devastation
they also give the hard drive to blood
sport now king shark joins them and
enters eating the head of a man it has
not received harm despite this heart
attack then the military of matthew also
appears there they prepare their guns
they are ending suicide squad before it
starfish appears damaging the building
it was giant military starts to fire in
that starfish but that starfish breeds
its babies they start to attack the
military but they don't harm the suicide
squad but the military soldiers on whom
starfish babies have fallen they change
their body into the monster and they
start to devastate following the
starfish then amanda orders them that
they may return if they have destroyed
the lab how could the suicide squad see
their country under threat
so they start the war with the starfish
but amanda threatens them i will blast
you but a girl from amanda's office hits
her with a rod because she had also been
fed up with her threats so suicide squad
moves to kill the starfish and all are
complimenting them
they begin to fire on it and king shark
starts to eat its flesh moving on it it
bites it many times
kazo also goes to end starfish but she
notices that starfish is proceeding to
kill her then blood sport comes with
long jumping he descends taking kazo
with him harley stabs her rod into the
eye of starfish while jumping highly
starfish falls on the building upside
down as being wounded badly above all
kazo had ended starfish there calling
several rats after this bloodsport
intimidates amanda saying we have a
whole data releases
amanda has to do it then they fly in the
helicopter after being released from
there on the other side peacemaker is
also seen in the hospital who is alive
and he was being treated by the doctors
and the movie completes on this scene
thanks for watching